Update release-notes.md (#5358)
MicrosoftDocs/windowsserverdocs: EssentialsDocs/get-started/release-notes.md

### Client computer restore may not succeed after migration to Windows 10
 After updating a client computer from Windows 8.1 to Windows 10, client computer restore may not function correctly. You'll need to reconnect the client to the Windows Server 2016 Essentials.

## Enabling TLS 1.2 for Windows Server Essentials
In order to comply with the latest compliance standards for the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP), Microsoft plans to disable Transport Layer Security (TLS) versions 1.1 and 1.0 and enable TLS 1.2 in Windows Server Essentials. This would be done for both Client and Server computers.

> Please follow the steps mentioned in this released communication : https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/configmgr/core/plan-design/security/enable-tls-1-2-client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do enable TLS 1.2, see [How to enable TLS 1.2 on clients](/mem/configmgr/core/plan-design/security/enable-tls-1-2-client).
```
